Puzzle 1: The players encounter a door with the words "To go forwards, you must go back." Written on it. They must walk through the door backwards to progress. Trying to walk through forwards causes them to encounter an invisible barrier.
Puzzle 2: A mirror that shows a reflection of the room the players are in, however, the reflection happens to have one extra item in it. The players must find this item and place it in the correct location in the real room to proceed.
Puzzle 3: The players are greeted by death himself. He gives manifests a piano and tells them they must play dead for him to proceed. If the players hit the D key followed by the E key, A Key and finally the D key again they pass his trial and can proceed.
Puzzle 4: The party enters a room with a stone wall and a locked door. The wall has a riddle engraved in it; "The key is found within you head, use the key to paint me red, be aware of what you spurn, for what you give shall be returned." The party must use blood and smear it on the wall (where they get it from is up to them), and a duplicate of what the blood came from emerges out of the wall. The party must fight and defeat the duplicate to unlock the door.
Puzzle 5: The party enters a room that appears to have no exit. When they turn back to the entrance the entrance is gone. Written where the entrance used to be are the words, "keep your eyes here and you may escape." If they stay facing those words and walk backwards they can move through the exit wall.
Puzzle 6: The players encounter three statues surrounding a key made of bone sitting on a pedestal. The statues seem horrified by the key. The key unlocks the exit(s), which are locked. Trying to pick up the key reveals it to be stuck to the pedestal, and the player's hand becomes stuck to the key as well. In order to free the player and the key, the statues must be turned away from the key.
Puzzle 7: The players find a door with a living face blocking their way forward. Written on the wall nearby are the words "The password is scone." The door will not open unless the players get the door to speak the password.
Puzzle 8: A locked door blocks the way forward. On the wall nearby hangs a key. The key opens the door normally, and there are no traps. This is here to psych out the players.
Puzzle 9: There are two chains retracted into the walls 30 feet apart. Players need to pull the two together (a feat of strength) to open the door. The door shuts quickly, so they must also find a way to connect the chains to keep the door open.
Puzzle 10: There are 7 levels on the walls. In order to open the door(s) all 7 levels must be held down at once.
Puzzle 11: The way forward is blocked by a wall. Written on the wall are the words "If you can't see me, am I really here?" In order to pass, the players must either close their eyes or extinguish all lights.
Puzzle 12: The way forward is blocked by an illusionary door. The door handle is spiked and appears to be dripping with poison, while the door itself is sturdy metal. Touching the door reveals it to be fake.
Puzzle 13: The party finds a statue of a large muscular man sitting at a table with his elbow on the table and his hand held towards them, as if offering to arm wrestle. The players must beat the statue at arm wrestling (DC 15 Strength Check) to unlock the exits to the room.
Puzzle 14: A massive, tsunami-style tidal wave immediately rises up to crush the characters. They can choose to run away in fear or face it. It turns out to be an illusion.
Puzzle 15: The players encounter a room with a mud floor and a door at the opposite end. This floor is sticky, like quicksand, and it's about 12 feet deep.
Puzzle 16: A wall of ice blocks the way. The players must melt or shatter it.
Puzzle 17: The room is filled with bouncing balls, roughly the size of basketballs. Players must succeed on a DC 15 dex save to pass through or take 2d4 bludgeoning damage. Alternatively, the players can find ways to defend themselves from the balls.
Puzzle 18: When entering this room, the entrance door locks. All exits are locked. A timer appears on the wall, and the room is empty except for a lever. The timer is for 30 seconds. Every time the lever is pulled, the timer resets to 30 seconds. Letting the timer run down to 0 unlocks the doors.
Puzzle 19: The way forward is blocked by a door with the face of a lion. The door is missing a knocker. The players must provide a suitable object to act as a knocker and put it in the mouth of the lion. Using their impromptu knocker unlocks the door.
Puzzle 20: All exits to this room are locked. In the center is a statue of a man holding a key and a statue of a gorgon locked in a staring contest. The players cannot take the key from the man as it is also stone. Blocking the man's eyesight will turn him into a living man who gives the players the key. The key unlocks the exits.
Puzzle 21: The exits to this room are doors without knobs. The doors cannot be opened without the knobs. Stuck to the wall of the room is a hastily drawn picture of the room, and there is a quill and ink bottle on the floor. The players can draw doorknobs on the doors in the picture. If they do, the doors will now have doorknobs.
